c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\animeBot.dll.config
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\animeBot.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\animeBot.pdb
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.Utilities.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\obj\Release\animeBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\obj\Release\animeBot.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\obj\Release\animeBot.pdb
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Common.Logging.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\MalApi.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Common.Logging.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\MalApi.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\jaMAL.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\PCLStorage.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\PCLStorage.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\SGEnviro.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\PCLStorage.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\PCLStorage.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\asceansion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\animeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\animeBot.dll.config
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\animeBot.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\animeBot.pdb
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\jaMAL.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\MalApi.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.Utilities.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\PCLStorage.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\PCLStorage.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\SGEnviro.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\MalApi.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\PCLStorage.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\PCLStorage.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\obj\Release\animeBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\obj\Release\animeBot.dll
C:\Users\Asceansion\Desktop\AnimeBot\animeBot\obj\Release\animeBot.pdb
